doc: correct customization hook types & clarify descriptions (#56454)
nodejs/node: doc/api/module.md

* `nextResolve` {Function} The subsequent `resolve` hook in the chain, or the
  Node.js default `resolve` hook after the last user-supplied `resolve` hook
  * `specifier` {string}
  * `context` {Object|undefined} When omitted, the defaults are provided. When provided, defaults
    are merged in with preference to the provided properties.
* Returns: {Object|Promise} The asynchronous version takes either an object containing the
  following properties, or a `Promise` that will resolve to such an object. The
  synchronous version only accepts an object returned synchronously.
  * `format` {string|null|undefined} A hint to the `load` hook (it might be ignored). It can be any

>     string value (`'css'`, `'yaml'`, etc).

Reviewer: It seems a bit odd to offer examples of formats that Node doesn't support. Maybe use only supported ones, or write something like "string value (supported such as `json` or unsupported such as `css`)"?

Reviewer 2: "This would commonly be a \[module format\]<sup>(link to the module formats table)</sup>, but could also be any arbitrary string."

Author: > It seems a bit odd to offer examples of formats that Node doesn't support. 

That was the entire point of allowing it: One of the main purposes of loaders is to extend what node can support; this is that.

How about

```suggestion
    string value (`'commonjs'`, `'module'`, or even `'css'` or `'yaml'`).
```

Author: @GeoffreyBooth @Renegade334 thoughts on the alternate wording?

Reviewer 2: Scans better, I think. 👍

* `context` {Object}
  * `conditions` {string\[]} Export conditions of the relevant `package.json`
  * `format` {string|null|undefined} The format optionally supplied by the

>     `resolve` hook chain. This can be any string value, not necessarily a valid return value.

Reviewer 3: this is a bit confusing... in particular the second part.

Author: `format` is both an i out and an output of this function. The input is not necessarily a valid output.

Author: Oh, wait a minute. The change got applied to the wrong line. Good catch. Thank you

Author: wait, nevermind. the forced line-wrapping made this grok wrong. it is correct as it is.

Author: @jasnell is it less confusing with context?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    `resolve` hook chain. This can be any string value as an input; input values do not need to conform to the list of acceptable return values described below.
```

Author: sounds good! (it exceeds the line-limit so i had to add it myself)
